I wonder how many times I’ve met with Lain so far.
She sometimes struggles with hallucinations, but they don’t seem to be worsening.
Seeing hallucinations must be a very difficult thing for her.
She's not the kind of kid that should be gloomy.
I wonder if she's having a hard time at school.
Her mother told me that she isn’t being bullied.
When I mention school, Lain tends to go quiet.
Maybe I should ask some of her friends at school how she’s doing.
I think the kind of bullying that happens in schools now is different from the kind that took place when I was younger.
I wish I could help you, Lain.
I feel depressed when I see Lain.
I can't help feeling depressed, but it’s when I get that way that Professor Takashima always complains to me about stupid stuff.
Ahh!
Tomorrow I have the day off.
I’ll go out on the town and have a good time.